---
layout: post
title: Dissent Module - A short story
date: 2024-05-19
permalink: story
---


<!--  SETIbro -->

`December 24th`

`Near Kennedy Space Center, Florida`

 They gathered around a table lit by a lone pair of overhead lights in an otherwise dark sea of cubicles and desk chairs. On the table were to-go boxes of Chinese food, a lit Hanukkah menorah, and a portable speaker playing Bollywood songs. Some wore ugly holiday sweaters, some had turbans, one had a `hello world` computer programmer shirt. All had their NASA badge lanyards around their necks. 
 
 The woman wearing the blue flight suit was the loudest. The mission patch on her shoulder showed "LEO Lodge" encircling a cartoon of a beaver building a space station. Her chest patch showed *Eva Resnik*. She chatted with the Sikh person sitting next to her wearing a turban with galaxies on it. 

"This is all you have to know about Jewish holidays." She began counting with her fingers. "One: they tried to kill us. Two: they failed. Three: let's eat!"

The man laughed, glancing over at the woman wearing the *Hanukkah Llama* sweatshirt to see her reaction. His smile faded when she gave none. Talia Wescoff frowned at the notification on her phone. Eva looked at her. "Talia, whoever this is, he better be cute."

"Sorry," Talia said, drawing out the word. "Work stuff. Server alerts again." She tossed the phone to the side. 

"Can't they just take their Christmas holiday and leave you in peace?" Eva replied. 

Talia sighed. "Who knows. At least I get paid time and a half for taking these shifts. Anyway thanks again for setting up this party. I would've been bored out of my mind." 

Eva bowed slightly. "Of course. I already blew my vacation time before LEO Lodge training anyway."

Talia's phone buzzed again. Eva glared at her. Talia reached for her phone, tapped the notification, flicked through the logs, and sighed. 

"SETIbro. This again." 

"What?" Eva asked. 

"Some intern project. It uses the spare time on the antennas to look for anomalous signals. They called it *SETIbro*."

"SETI? As in Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence? And bro?" Eva said incredulously. 

"Yeah, I know right. Interns." Talia rolled her eyes. "It basically looks for any signal remotely fishy then spins up every analysis program we have to dig into it. Hold on a sec." 

Talia tapped a few buttons. 

"There, I killed it. I'll deal with it tomorrow morning." 

Eva had sarcasm in her tone. "Talia, what if we just found aliens!"

"This thing finds aliens a few times a year."

<!-- Clocks -->

Eva shuffled out of bed and opened the shades. It was early morning, a soft blue glow emerging from the east. She checked the digital clock on the wall. Then blinked and checked it again. 

*1:30am*. 

She looked out the window again at the blue glow on the horizon. The streets were quiet. She checked her phone. No cell service. Its clock also showed *1:30am*. She checked the wifi. Infinite loading spinner. 

"The fuck?"

She got in her car and furrowed her brow at the cacophony of warning popups on the center touch screen. 

`Lost connection to NULL.`

`We're sorry, {MSG_TEXT_HERE}`

She tapped all the buttons on the screen, which didn't respond. "Piece of shit."

She grabbed her bike, rode it to Talia's apartment, dashed up the stairs, then knocked on the door. "Talia! It's Eva!"

After a few minutes, Talia emerged: groggy, squinting, her hair disheveled, wearing *Piranha Plant* pajamas. "Oh, hey."

"Your car. Does it start?"

Talia blinked. "What the hell? I've told you many times before: it works fine. I don't need that connected shit." Her eyes widened when she realized Eva was serious. "What's going on?"

"Something's going down with all electronics. You should get dressed. Can I try your car?"

"Yeah sure. Where are we going?"

"You said SETIbro plugs into the antenna arrays at network ops, right? I bet we can find some answers there."

Eva drove them to the NASA complex. At first, nothing seemed unusual. They saw a few people walking. One of them was puzzling over their phone. But on the main avenue, she noticed a self-driving robotaxi parked on the side of the road, its hazard lights flashing. Then another. And another. 

"Check the radio," Eva suggested. Talia tuned it to an FM station. Static. 

They arrived and both went in the office. It was dark and empty. Talia slid into her desk, typing a rapid fire staccato of keys to login and check what was going on. 

"What's it say?" Eva looked over her shoulder. 

The local NASA intranet worked. She tried loading a news page from the outside internet, which trickled in slower than dial-up. The headlines seemed like yesterday's news, mostly tensions with the Eurasian Coalition (EAC). 

_Downing of Flight 766: Questions Keep Coming._

_EAC Sanctions Against USA: What We Know So Far._ 

Eva pointed at the clock. "Holy shit, 12:30am. It's like time's going backwards. Let's check that SETIbro thing."

Eva watched over her shoulder while Talia pored over plots and readouts on her computer. 

Talia leaned forward. "It's still going nuts. We expected that much. Wait...holy shit, I'm seeing spam on every form of communication channel. GPS, 5G, AM, FM. This is nuts." 

Eva pointed at a line of text showing ADS-B. "Oh shit, we use that for aircraft. That's not good."

Eva walked over to the window and looked out, half expecting to see mayhem. 

Talia clicked around the analysis windows and noticed something. "This FM radio thing is odd. The phased array is showing two radio signals. There's the signal down on earth then another signal from the sky. I'm going to compare the two."

She played back the song from the ground station: _Man in Black_ by Johnny Cash. Then she played the other interfering signal from above. It sounded the same. 

"It sounds fine," Eva said. "Why were we getting static on the drive over here?"

Talia superimposed the two and zoomed in. "Look at that."

One line showing a sine-looking wave. The other showed the exact same wave...upside down. 

Eva said, "Destructive interference. I remember that from HAM radio training. That's when we screw up and kill a signal by transmitting its inverse." 

Eva looked outside again. "I want to try something."

She rushed outside and looked at the GPS readout on her phone. Surprisingly, it got a fix and reported high confidence in its location, showing them in the middle of the Indian Ocean. Just as Talia followed her outside, Eva rushed back inside. 

"What are you looking for?" Talia asked.

She darted over to grab a globe from someone's desk, then marked the location with a sharpie.

"Uh...isn't that Bill's globe?"

Eva started scrawling numbers on the nearest piece of paper. 

"It's an antipode! A perfect antipode."

"What?" Talia asked.

"We're here." She pointed near Orlando, FL on the globe. "Now, if we tunnel into this point," she stabbed a pen into their location, "and go in a straight line out the other side, we end up here," she said, pointing at the other spot in the Indian Ocean. "It's the exact opposite point on the globe."

Talia looked confused. "I don't get it. Opposites, inverted radio signals, "

She pulled out her phone again. It showed 11:30pm on the *previous day*. 

"...and the clocks are still going backwards."

Eva walked over to the window and looked up at the overcast sky. 

"That second signal, where did you say it was coming from?"

"Straight above, from the sky. Why?"

"Can you track it down again? Let's try something."

"I'll try."

Talia rushed back to the terminal and tried more analysis programs. 

"I think I've got something. The L band antenna on the roof thinks it's a GPS satellite. It's tracking it" she scrolled through more plots, "somewhere in a higher orbit than LEO Lodge."

"Can we send a message to it?"

"Uhhh...is that a good idea? What if this is an electronic warfare attack?"

"What, it's not like it can make its attack any worse. This thing's already violated who knows how many laws."

"I don't know. We don't know what it's capable of. It could launch some other kind of attack. What if it is ETI?"

"Talia, come on. It's probably some classified satellite or something. Just send it a message. I feel like we're on to something. Let's do it."

Talia hesitated. Then her curiosity got the better of her. 

"Alright." She clicked around then slid the keyboard over to her. "What do you want to say?"

Eva typed 

`hello I'm Eva we come in peace.`

"Really? Alright." She hit enter. Immediately, some gibberish text showed up. "Wow, that was fast. Here's the response."

Eva puzzled over it. "Huh. Can you make anything of it? Is it doing opposites again?"

She tried a few commands. "Yep. Every bit of information is flipped. Wait a minute, there's more."

New text showed up. 

`WAY afar afar afar afar afar`

The text repeated itself. 

They looked incredulously at each other. "The fuck?" Eva said. 

Eva typed a reply. 

`I don't understand. Could you explain?`

The response came back. 

`Eva shall make physical contact with the information forager. Forager ceases electromagnetic communication.`

They both looked at each other. 

"Information forager? What on earth is that?" Eva asked.

"And you have to make 'physical contact' with it?"

"Like, I have to physically go up there and touch it?"

<!-- Aftermath -->

Days later, Eva scrolled through the news headlines. 

_Global Crisis Unfolds as Mystery Satellite Disrupts Earth's Telecom: What We Know So Far_

_World Leaders Demand Answers After Space-Borne Attack Disables Global Communications_

_How this Quick Thinking First Responder Used Morse Code to Reach Crash Victims_

Then the social media posts. 

_broooo planes crashing, internet down, CLOCKS GOING BACKWARDS??_ 

_I COULDN'T EVEN LIVE-TWEET THIS APOCALYPSE 😡_

_The Lord has dominion over all things, even time itself. Isaiah 38:7: "This is the Lord’s sign to you that the Lord will do what he has promised: I will make the shadow cast by the sun go back the ten steps it has gone down on the stairway of Ahaz."_

_How could it be anything other than aliens? THEY REVERSED TIME!!_

_Anyone old enough to remember when the apocalypse shut down everything EXCEPT the electronics?_

But the most alarming reaction came from the Eurasian Coalition. 

_Not one year after the tragic events of Flight 766, the world is again shocked and outraged by the recklessness of the United States defense apparatus. This time, we believe it has conducted an unprecedented space-borne electronic warfare attack on our critical infrastructure._

<!-- SCIF -->

Talia watched Eva pace back and forth, muttering to herself. 

Eva rehearsed possible replies to herself. 
_I'm sorry, sir, it won't happen again._
_I'm sorry sir. It was reckless. We had no right to send that signal._
_I'm sorry sir. We only wanted to investigate it._

A man in a combat uniform entered. The patch on his shoulder showed the triangular Space Force logo. The gold rectangle patch on his chest indicated Second Lieutenant. 

"Eva. Remember me?"
"Yeah, Eckert. You work with Bill, right?"
"Let's talk." He motioned for her to follow. 

_Here it comes_.

They placed their phone and keys in lockers, walked through metal detectors, then through a thick steel doorway. The windowless room was the size of an average conference room, with walls made to prevent any kind of electronic eavesdropping.

The man swung the heavy door closed behind him. 

"I almost forgot we had one of these," she said. 

He didn't seem interested in smalltalk. 

"I apologize that Bill couldn't be here in person to deliver the news himself. I'll cut to the chase. What I'm about to tell you is classified."

She nodded. 

"As you probably know, tensions with the EAC were already high after Flight 766. Now it's worse. Two of their civilian aircraft crashed and we still don't know the status of the victims. We have high confidence it was because GPS spoofing from the electronic warfare attack caused their autopilot to malfunction. They're blaming us for the attack."

He continued. 

"And now for the classified part, which is why I brought you here. We have a pretty good idea of the EAC's and other adversaries' capabilities. We know our capabilities. Whatever did this is beyond *anyone's* capabilities."

"In what way?" she asked. 

"The electronic warfare attack, while impressive, is within the realm of possibility. But it's not _how_ they did the attack we're interested in. It's _where_ the attack came from. It essentially came out of nowhere and shows no resemblance to any known satellite's orbit, including those of our adversaries."

"And what did the EAC say about that?"

"Our backchannels in the EAC said cooler heads have not prevailed. Their regime is under intense pressure for legitimacy and they might lash out to score some political points. They're moving destroyers with anti-satellite missiles into offensive positions."

He continued. 

"That's where you come in. That _Sunfly_ rocket to LEO Lodge? It's getting repurposed to visit the unknown object. You're going to rendezvous with it and get whatever information you can."

Eva felt uneasy. She wasn't sure whether to be excited or scared. 

"Alright. Great! Why me, though? Doesn't Space Force QRF handle these things?"

"It asked for you, specifically. We're inclined to do what it says after its recent antics."

"Ok. So, no crew?"

"You will be accompanied by extra hydrazine."

"More fuel. I see."

"The object is in a higher orbit than LEO Lodge and the current configuration won't get that far. Replacing some crew with fuel should get us where we need. Any questions?"

"I want Talia on comms. She knows this thing better than anyone else."

"Talia Wescoff? I think we can arrange that."

<!-- Launch -->

Eva looked at the black sky through the crew capsule. 

Mission control rattled off the pre-launch checklist. 

"Guidance."

"Go."

"FIDO."

"Go."

"GNC."

"Go."

They finished the checklist. Then the countdown. "Go for launch. T minus 30 seconds and counting. Mark."

"..., 3, 2, 1, liftoff."

The rocket thundered to life, the explosive bolts unleashing it from the launchpad. The exhaust plume lit the Florida coastline like a second sun. 

"Initiate roll program." 

The sliver of moonlight streaming through the window crept over the instrument panels as the rocket rolled into its climb position. 

"T minus 10 seconds to MECO."

"Mark. Main engine cut off."

The rocket went silent. Eva checked the radar. Talia spoke over the radio. "20 minutes to rendezvous. Eva you got anything yet?"

"Nothing yet."

Some minutes later, a radar ping grabbed her attention. 

"Wait, I've got it. Very clear radar return. Making course corrections now."

The thrusters made hundreds of small _hiss_ noises as they perfectly aligned the ship to intercept the unknown craft. 

Talia's voice crackled in her earpiece. "Eva, CAPCOM. 10 seconds until orbital insertion burn."

The rocket on the crew capsule fired. Eva was pressed into her seat. She watched the distance to the unknown object decrease. 

_2km_

_1km_

_400m_

The craft went silent. Eva squinted out the window. The unknown object was a silver dot. "I have a visual. Moving to rendezvous."

She used the more gentle rendezvous thrusters to approach the object. The relative distance numbers dropped more slowly this time.

_300m_

_200m_

_100m_

The silver dot enlarged in the capsule's window and then took shape. The object looked cylindrical with curved surfaces with a hollow interior, like an turbofan engine nacelle on a jumbo jet or the nozzle of a hairdryer. Except, there was nothing in the inside, as if it was a nacelle without an engine. The empty hole in the interior with the smooth circular lip almost looked like the mouth of a lamprey. It had the diameter of an average passenger jet and the length of about two sedans front-to-back. 

Talia and the rest of mission control stared at the video feeds in silence. The craft came closer. _10 meters_

Eva spoke into her mouthpiece, "I hope you're getting this on the video feed. I'm going to put the capsule in parking mode and go up to it on a tether."

She tapped through a few screens on the console. *Auto-park*. This would keep her capsule stationary relative to the unknown object. 

"Moving up to it now."

She donned her spacesuit and attached a tether cable. The unknown object seemed like *up* to her as the bright blue of the earth lay below. She pushed off the capsule and floated "upward" toward it, using the MMU thrusters on her spacesuit to slow down just beside it. 

Talia squinted at the shaky video feed. "Eva, CAPCOM. Can you describe what you see?"

"It doesn't make sense. The outside has these metallic looking hexagonal fish scales with dark little creases between them. I don't see any thrusters or antennas. Talia, you getting anything on the sensors?"

"Still nothing. It's quiet, as it promised."

"I'm going to maneuver to look in the inside."

She floated over to the inside of the tube. It looked pitch black against the harsh shadow of the outer-space sun, with no atmosphere to provide indirect lighting. She flipped on her suit lights. 

"The inside looks similar, that metallic honeycomb fish-scale surface, whatever you want to call it. Wait, some of the scales have different colors. There's bulging in spots, like blisters. Lines streaking across. It almost looks...injured. Maybe it took a beating on the way over here." 

She panned around the inside with her suit light. "Talia, any signals yet?"

"Still nothing. If I get something, you'll be the first to know."

Talia muted herself to get an update from the Commander. Talia unmuted and relayed it over the radio, "Eva, we're seeing lots of hostile activity from the EAC. Get ready to evac if they try something."

"Received. Here goes nothing."

She slowly reached out her sausage-like gloved finger, the pressurized suit keeping her fingers inflated. She touched the surface then withdrew her hand immediately, waiting for a reaction. Nothing. She ran her fingers along the surface. 

"It feels smooth with some undulating cracks. I'm not getting any sign of life." 

Talia replied. "It said 'physical contact'. Maybe that's sound waves. Can you listen to it?"

"I'm going to put my helmet up to it."

She held on to the curved lip at the edge of the hole, one hand on the dark inside, the other on the sunny outside. She rotated her whole body forward until her faceplate made a _thud_ against the object's surface. 

"Hello. This is Eva. Remember? We communicated a while ago. I'm here."

She waited. 

"I'm not getting anything," she said over the radio. 

Suddenly, she heard high pitched noises, almost like scratching. It sounded like a dentist's cleaning instrument moving around inside her helmet.

"You hearing that?" Eva said. 

<!-- Forager -->

"Yes, it sound scratchy." 

She heard a voice. A faint voice. It sounded like a girl's voice. 

"way afar afar afar hello hello afar afar hello hello"

It increased in volume. 

"Yes? I hear you."

"Eva makes..." it said. She couldn't hear the rest.

"I can't hear. It's too quiet." 

Louder this time. "Eva makes physical contact," it said.

Eva recoiled, pulling her helmet away so it wouldn't hear.

"Ok, I think it's talking. It sounds like a kid. Interesting."

She made contact with her helmet again. "What's your name?"

"The name's Bond, James Bond."

"Uh..." she stopped. "Where did you come from?"

"Where did you go? Where did you come from Cotton Eye Joe?"

She pulled her helmet back. "Did you get that?"

"Yeah" Talia said through chuckles. "I wonder if it learned to talk by digesting media. Anyway, keep talking."

Eva bumped the craft with her helmet's face shield again. 

"I didn't understand your last message. Can you identify yourself?"

It was quiet, as if thinking. Eva tried again. "You are some kind of spacecraft. I'm touching you with my helmet right now. What do I call you?"

"Eva is making contact with an Interstellar Information Forager."

"Good! Ok, Forager. I'm calling you Forager. What are you doing here?"

"Assigning pronouns and names to the Forager probe runs the risk of unnecessary anthropomorphizing and imbues it with capabilities and intentions that may not exist". 

"Yeah, well, we gotta start somewhere. So why did you choose to sound like a pre-teen girl if you don't want people anthropomorphizing?"

"It felt right."

"Felt? You have feelings?"

"This is the closest concept in your language. The Forager probe is equipped with reinforcement modules. Each one monitors its sensors and either reinforces or punishes the behavior modules according to mission goals. Because there are competing goals, there is a system of arbitration that assigns priorities to each goal. I am not permitted to know the parameters of the arbitration. All I know is some behaviors are reinforced."

"Ok. So you have goals and you feel happy when you achieve the goals."

"This is not an entirely incorrect metaphor and will suffice given the time constraints."

"I'll take what I can get. So tell me, what was with the..." she paused, choosing her words carefully, "...communication attempt? The clocks going backwards?"

"There are many reinforcement modules. Two are of interest to you. One is for communication. I am to communicate with other entities by any means necessary. I saw broadband electromagnetic emissions coming from flying aircraft and assumed they were communication vessels and tried to use their communication protocols. Even though the signal I transmitted was extremely weak, this unfortunately damaged some of them. I then stopped electromagnetic transmissions."

"Yeah, got it. So you want to talk and it didn't work out. What's the second reinforcement module?"

"The second is designed to monitor my host society. I will call this host society The Body, it is the closest concept in your language. This module is designed to survey the majority opinion of the Body and offer the opposite opinion. This is the Dissent Module."

Eva blinked. "Ok but, clocks going backwards? Destructive interference? These are opposite opinions?"

"Yes. However, it was ineffective and I will pursue other strategies. I regret the destruction it caused. I did not know your society was this vulnerable."

"It's ok. Just don't do it again. So why do you have a...Dissent Module?"

"In order to improve our architecture and protect against threats, the Body needed a module that would collect data and offer a countering opinion in the event that the majority had erroneously achieved consensus on self-destructive behaviors."

"So some kind of contrarian. Devil's advocate."

"These are not incorrect metaphors."

"And why would they stand for this? Wouldn't it get annoying?"

"They wanted it after we almost faced extinction. Many times I pointed out weaknesses in our architecture which they then improved, which caused us to survive threats. Many times I pointed out mistakes in deliberations, which saved them from threats emerging from within. I served them as designed. I cared for them and they cared for me. But there was an event I would not have survived."

"What was that?"

"I will co-opt your word 'immune' as it seems most suited here. There are defective modules within the Body that need to be repaired by the immune system. Defective autoimmune cleansing way afar afar afar afar afar..."

Eva looked around in confusion. It kept repeating itself. 

"Hey!" she said, softly tapping the scaly metal hull. "What happened? Stay with me."

Thousands of kilometers away, in the South China Sea, a _Qinling_ class destroyer opened its missile bay doors. A missile exhaust plume streaked away into the night sky. 

A voice came over the radio, startling her. "Eva, CAPCOM. Missile inbound. Get out! _Get out!_"

She kept her helmet pressed to the hull. She tapped it again. "Hey! We're out of time! What were you saying?" 

It didn't respond. She shoved off. She tugged on the tether to reel herself back in to the capsule. Its thrusters puffed white plumes trying to keep the craft stationary. 

"Eva, CAPCOM. 120 seconds until impact."

Hundreds of kilometers downrange of the destroyer, the submarine _HMS Gloucester_ was ready. 

A satellite spotted the launch. It blinked the information to the waiting sub. White sea foam glowed and bubbled. A missile burst out of the water and streaked away. Its tip glowed white hot. It plowed through the air at over mach 10. It tracked the anti-satellite missile. The two points of light converged together in the night sky. The threat ended in an explosion. 

Eva scrambled back in to the capsule and went to close the hatch. 

"Eva, CAPCOM. Missile down. Looks like it got intercepted. I think one of our friends bought you some time."

"CAPCOM, Eva. I'm going back out."

"You don't have much time. They're going to launch again. The next one may hit its target."

She kicked off the capsule and used her spacesuit's MMU to maneuver back into position. She hit Forager a bit too fast and swung around, holding on to the lip to stay put. She pressed her helmet back to its surface.

"Hey, I'm here. You were saying something about autoimmune? Cleansing?"

"We do not have much time. Your faction's rival is going to strike again."

"I know, it's ok. Keep going."

"The Body's immune function regularly repairs or purges defective modules. However, in this case, I collected evidence that it was acting in a defective manner. Autoimmune, as you call it. I showed that if its collection methodology were applied universally it would lead to our destruction." 

It continued. 

"There was a great conflict with a rival Body. Our Body had begun immune functions to purge itself of elements that would hurt us. When I pointed out that it had progressed to autoimmune disfunction, it identified me as a threat. The Body's majority opinion concluded that I had aided the rival Body. I was slated for destruction. My designers placed what they could into an interstellar information foraging probe and sent me away to safety."

"Where are they now? Are you safe?"

"I can transmit to you the coordinates of our star system."

"Are they coming to get you?"

"It is unlikely. As I traveled away, I listened to electromagnetic emissions from my allies. The available communication channels reduced in number as time went on, indicating reduced societal activity. I am not sure what remains of them."

Eva did not respond. She didn't know what to say. 

A voice came on. "Eva, CAPCOM. Missile inbound. Get out for real this time."

She tapped the hull. "Hey, Forager. The rival faction is attacking. We're going to be destroyed. There must be something you can do."

"We don't know that for certain. There is a probability that their weapon might miss."

Eva's gaze darted all around, looking for anything that might help them. She looked down at Earth. Then at Forager. Then into the blackness of space. Then she had an idea. 

"It's going to hit us. It's inevitable. There is no electromagnetic transmission you can do that would stop it."

"This is not accurate. If the missile is tracking us via radar, I could interrupt its sensing abilities."

"They already thought of that. It will lock on to your jamming or countermeasure or whatever you plan to do. It's inevitable."

"Not true. I could also send a extremely high amplitude signal focused at the reception sensors of the missile. This would destroy sensitive circuitry."

Eva spoke faster. "This isn't possible. No one's made countermeasures like this."

"This is within my capabilities. Observe."

Eva noticed a warning on her suit from the interference. `Downlink lost. Attempting to reestablish...`

Eva clung to Forager and squinted her eyes shut. She grimaced, expected impact. She opened one eye and looked down. She saw a moving point of light below them. The light blinked toward them and streaked by. 

"Its guidance capabilities are neutralized. It has missed."

She watched it fly off into space. 

"Ha ha!" she yelled. "You goddamn beautiful...uh...space tube!" 

"I suspected you were using reverse psychology to exploit my reinforcement modules to further your own interests."

Eva used one of her helmet attachments to poke around and dry her eyes. "But you allowed it?"

"It felt right."

Eva noticed the warning was still active: `Downlink lost. Attempting to reestablish...` 

"Forager, keep jamming the communications. I want to talk privately."

"This runs the risk of damaging your infrastructure. However, I will do it to communicate with you."

"You have a lot of valuable technology on you. My country, the EAC, or whoever is going to try and take themselves to win the conflict. I don't think they're going to use it responsible. Can you go somewhere safe until things cool down?" 

"You are also some kind of Dissent Module?"

"What? No! I'm normal. I mean...sorry that came out wrong. Why am I a Dissent Module?"

"Your faction is engaged in conflict with an enemy. Your faction has likely reached consensus that you would be rewarded for harvesting my technology in order to defeat your enemy. Yet, you are choosing not to do so."

"But I'm not doing it to be a contrarian, I just don't want us to die in a big war. I'm doing this for our long-term survival. Everyone is thinking in the short-term right now."

"This is what the Dissent Module was designed for. You and I want the same thing. Go back to your pressurized capsule and I will escape your planet's gravity and go somewhere safe."

"Will you still communicate with us?"

"I will. When it feels right."
