---
title: Team Cowpeople - A Song and very short story
layout: post
date: 2025-06-07
permalink: cowpeople
---

*A prequel to the events of [Dissent Module](/story)*

Talia, Mick, and Julian looked over Talia's shoulders at the website up on her laptop. 

Emblazoned on the top in a patriotic blend of red white and blue it said: 
*American Modern Warrior Challenge*
*Registration deadline: 3 minutes, 2 seconds*
*Sponsored by DoDBotics Junior*

Mick shook his fists and bounced up and down. "Ok go go go!" 
Talia darted the cursor over to the *Next* button and clicked it. "Two pages left."
A new page loaded: *Consent and Release of Liability*
"Scroll down! Hit agree!" Eva said, thrusting a finger at the *Agree* checkbox on the screen. 
Talia paused. "Wait, what are we even agreeing to?"
"Just do it!" Mick and Eva said practically in unison. 

With a flick of the trackpad, Talia flew by each piece of legalese to find the *Agree* box. 

_Consent to Audio‑Visual Recording, Photography, and Real‑Time Transmission._ Check.

_Assumption of Risk and Waiver and Release of Liability for Personal Injury or Bodily Harm._ Check. 

_Participant Acknowledgment of Extreme Physical Exertion Requirements._ Check.

_Participant Acknowledgment of Potentially Hazardous Interactions with Autonomous or Uncrewed Systems._ Check.

Talia moved on. "Last page."

A cursor blinked in a single text box. 
*Team name:*

Eva waved it away as if fanning away a fly. "Just put in anything, maybe we can change it later." 
"What if we can't?" Talia replied. 
"Wha about...the Mavericks? Sauron?" Mick said. 
Talia glanced back. "Sauron? I think that's already a Defense startup." 
Eva leaned in. "Ok, what else? Something unconventional. Bold. Renegades?" 
Mick piped in again. "Cowboys?"
Eva: "I dunno, too gendered."
Mick: "Cowgirls?"
Eva squinted in thought. "Still doesn't work."
Julian piped in, perhaps his only utterance of the night. "Cowpeople?"
Mick threw his head back and laughed. "Oh God that is so fucking stupid it's amazing."
Talia typed *Cowpeople* in the box. "30 seconds left! I'm going to hit submit."
Eva interrupted. "Wait wait. Fuck, can we do anything else? Any other animals? Cobras, pigs, javelinas..."
Mick snapped his fingers and pointed at Eva. "Bonobos."
"I'm hitting submit!" Talia declared. 

Eva sighed and massaged her temples with her fingers. 
Mick gave loud shouts of laughter. Julian grinned.
The final page showed *Team Cowpeople* with an exploding confetti effect. 
